you to friends and family thank you guys
are checking out my new video it's meaty
amazing I know you guys can recognize my
face yes I know it's been a while but I
got some exciting news to tell you guys
about and it's something that everyone
can help me with so stay tuned now if
you couldn't tell about title this video
I'm starting a new website and a new
self promotional ebook called the
initiative the initiative is just by its
name you know getting people to be more
proactive on their life not just
allowing life to happen you know I'm
planning the goal-setting
self-motivation so countless things you
know just giving people a roadmap of
success a roadmap how to be successful
in whatever you do whether it be fitness
fitness and exercise whether it be
entrepreneurship leadership ne ne ne
honestly any facet of your life it could
it can help you in a lot of times more
often than not successful people have
Danes about them that make them
successful and what I did was is I
studied and studied that I studied
figured out what made these people too
and I did it and you know ever since
I've done that ever since you know I
believed in myself and believed that I
would never take no as an answer or I
don't know one can shake my confidence
it kept always kept positive people
around me that I became successful now
the initiative is still in its infancy
stages but it was crazy to me how people
weren't telling people people want
teaching each other as people want you
go to school you don't learn anything
about this no one teaches a young person
how the don't go by the social norms or
start a business on their own start
promoting this up you social network you
social media every every single thing
that you need to be successful in life
is already inside you God has already
placed that inside you you know you have
to all you need is a tool is torn Lisa
and that's what I plan on bringing in
karate that's what I plan on doing
that's what I'm doing for myself right
now
and I am hopeful that you guys need me
started with them you know the thing is
people don't realize how important it is
to have or to continue to always have
positive people in your life or positive
people to feed you their energy and
their their support or whatever it may
be but it's so important to keep those
people near you and to be around people
like that because everybody knows you
you come will you hang out with you know
my mom would always tell me that but I
would never really never really paid
attention to it until I could really
feel them actually bringing me down oh
it's you know it's hard as a young
person to figure out to figure out what
you are to figure out what you really
want to do your you're constantly being
pressed upon by your parents or teachers
or by other friends to do certain things
or do what they want you to do but it's
hard to have that confidence about
yourself and to do what you really want
to do you know and like any other
business you're trying to start it takes
money to get it going and that's where
you guys can come ask what you guys can
help me with I'm trying to raise ten
thousand dollars by at least all gets by
August we're just going to go towards me
getting out talking to people nique and
creating shirts and put my website
together donations each other to other
things that I believe in and getting me
the rest of my schooling and a bunch of
different things so your money will not
be wasted I guarantee that any donation
will help me and I know for a fact that
if you help me I would return to the
lesson to you guys 10 full so you know
if there's anything that I was said to
you guys that may be inspired you and
lightened you a bit or you know maybe
you just you guys since believe in what
I'm doing and you want to support me you
know I would really appreciate if you
could donate to me help me get this
thing going help me start motivating
people might let me start reaching out
to places that I can't reach because I'm
not buying
can boil right now doing that help me
further my life and furthermore my
dreams and my goals because my true
passion and my true love is to help
other people and that's what I plan on
to him and I'm also thinking about doing
and a live online chat for anybody who
would like to talk to me more depth
about it or for anybody who just like to
listen more more about my story you know
where I came from I wasn't always I
wasn't always as confident or as the
turn that I am now a lot of like a lot
of like kings except affected that mouth
obviously a little bit older more mature
but yeah if anybody would like to you
know be interested in that I would love
to do that love to talk to you guys a
product you know because I understand
the illusion that a lot of people have
especially my age you know they're so
focused on going to college and I'm
working for somebody and that you know I
mean that that's that's all that's fine
especially if you do that now but there
definitely is a decline if people who
think that they can do what they would
like to do you know and do what they
love to do and not want to sit behind a
desk from nine to five work with the
somebody that they don't like or pushing
a product they don't know about or even
believe in so um like I said that means
that if anybody is really really
interested in hearing me talk more in
depth about it then hey we can do it to
get it online thing going I would just
really really appreciate all the support
I can get from this even if you know
even if you don't want to do any of you
guys can just have to very least share
my video it helped us get this out
because i would greatly greatly greatly
appreciate that have it I have a
donation paypal account but I'm going to
put the link right under here in the
description box and all you gotta do is
click it donating any amount of money
you want you know whatever you feel that
I have helped you with whatever you feel
is equal to that then you can help me
out with I mean it doesn't have to be
maybe fifty cents I would be extremely
grateful for every single thing that you
guys do for me because I know that I'm
asking you guys for something that you
work hard for but honestly think that
confidence that I have of myself and the
confidence that I'm gonna bring the key
my agent I'm gonna boost the morale for
you know people who look like me or you
know that that is the number one goal
and that is what i plan to do so there
it is thank you for your time thank you
for all the feedback then I'm sure
you're going to give this video and let
me know let me know what's going on let
me know what you guys want for me and
i'll be sure to deliver to you thanks
again in advance for everyone who does
donate to you really don't have any idea
how how i just want to affect my life
like I said I'm broken I'm a college kid
so any little bit helps you know I mean
it'd be different between ramen and in
order not tonight so thank you guys and
I hope the rest of you don't have a
blessed day and i'll be happy to hear
from you soon